add price-suspense (#47)
vtex-apps/product-price: docs/README.md

| `product-list-price-range`    | Renders the product list price range. It follows the same logic applied to the `ListPrice`: if its value is equal to the product selling price, this block is not rendered. | 
| `product-selling-price-range` | The product selling price range. | 
| `product-seller-name` | Renders the name of the product's seller. |

> | `product-price-suspense` | When the price is loading, it will render a loading spinner; otherwise, it will render its children. It is useful when you have async price. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `product-price-suspense` | Renders a loading spinner or its children blocks when the product price is loading. It is extremely useful when the store works with async prices. |
```

> | `product-price-suspense` | When the price is loading, it will render a fallback component; otherwise, it will render its children. It is extremely useful when the store works with async prices. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `product-price-suspense` | Renders a loading spinner or its children blocks when the product price is loading i.e. not rendered yet. It is extremely useful when the store works with async prices. |
```

Author: I think that's not what I mean.
When the price is loading, this component will render the `Fallback` component.
When the price is not loading, it will render its children.

It's the same behavior as [React Suspense](https://pt-br.reactjs.org/docs/concurrent-mode-suspense.html).

From the way it is written, it looks like both can be rendered while the price is loading.

Reviewer: Perfect! Now I understand it! In practice (on the UI), what would be the fallback component?

Author: You can pass any IO component to the `Fallback` prop, but the default value is a Spinner

},
```

> Every block in this app (except the `product-price-suspense`) only has three props in common:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Except for the `product-price-suspense`, every block in this app only has three props in common:
```

},
```

> The `product-price-suspense` block, in turn, does not receive any props - when declared, it automatically renders a loading spinner. However, you can also pass to it children blocks you want to render instead. For example:

Reviewer 2: It should be possible to use pass a Fallback slot prop to change the spinner to something else, just like the React suspense API: https://pt-br.reactjs.org/docs/concurrent-mode-suspense.html

Author: Done! Now we have the `Fallback` prop
